Gu Chengxiong picked quarrels and provoked trouble as soon as he was released
I think your three years in prison have been for nothing
Lord Long, today is my brother's achievement in the villa
It's too wide
Humph
The ancient name bear is that I am going to take someone away today
You have to dare to stop
Be careful I reunite your brothers in prison
Hahahahaha
It can't be made up to my villa
Let alone take people away
Damn storage wind
You goddamn undercover
Hard to carry
I see what else you have to deny
No wonder this kid is fearless
It turned out that he had already done it with Long Xiaoyun Chuan
Big brother, the undercover has been very clear.
Fast forward to help you peep
Since you are from my villa
You have to follow the rules of the villa
Xia is enforcing class rules on undercover storage style
As for this dragon lord?
I entertain myself
The undercover must die today
Undercover is not a storage style
Isn't this the second master's close-fitting pony?
Three years ago.
He was the one who guarded the remote delivery warehouse with the second master
Big brother is undercover, isn't he?
Undercover, he picked on me